Add README.md for `retry` package. (#7708)
DataDog/datadog-agent: pkg/forwarder/internal/retry/README.md

### Adding transactions to the retry queue

Consider the following example where the in-memory retry queue can store up to 4 transactions.

At the beginning, the retry queue in memory is empty. When the transactions `tr1`, `tr2`, `tr3` and `tr4` fail, they are added successively to the retry queue which become full. When trying to add `tr5`, the oldest transactions are removed from the retry queue in memory and serialized into the file `File 1`. The number of transactions to serialize on disk is defined as a percent of the size of the retry queue. In this example, when the retry queue is full, 50% of the transactions (in terms of payload size) are serialized on disk. 
When adding the transactions `tr6` and `tr7`, the retry queue becomes full again and the `tr4` and `tr3` are serialized to the file `File 2`.
![Adding transactions to the retry queue](images/Enqueue.png)

##### Extracting transactions from the retry queue

When extracting transactions, the first time, `tr7`, `tr6` and `tr5` are returned (Every transaction stored in memory).

> During the second call, `tr4` and `tr3` are returned and `File 2` is removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When those transactions are sent, `File 2` content is read and removed, sending the transactions `tr4` and `tr3`.
```

> During the third call, `tr2` and `tr1` are returned and `File 1` is removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Finally, `File 1` is read and removed, sending the `tr2` and `tr1` to the intake.
```

> ![Extracting transactions from the retry queue](images/Extract.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Removing transactions from the retry queue](images/Extract.png)
```

#### Implementations notes

* There is a single retry queue for all the endpoints.
* The files are read and written as a whole which is efficient as few reads and writes on disk are performed.

> * At agent startup, previous files are reloaded (Unknown domains and old files are removed).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* At agent startup, previous files are reloaded. Unknown domains and old files are removed.
```
